RS: Fuji March release docs (#3165)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/release-notes/rs-7-4-2-releases/_index.md

| Amazon Linux 1 | – | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> |
| Kubernetes<sup>[3](#table-note-3)</sup> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> |
| Docker<sup>[4](#table-note-4)</sup> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> |

1. <a name="table-note-1" style="display: block; height: 80px; margin-top: -80px;"></a>The RHEL-compatible distributions CentOS, CentOS Stream, Alma, and Rocky are supported if they have full RHEL compatibility. Oracle Linux running the Red Hat Compatible Kernel (RHCK) is supported, but the Unbreakable Enterprise Kernel (UEK) is not supported.

2. <a name="table-note-2" style="display: block; height: 80px; margin-top: -80px;"></a>The server version of Ubuntu is recommended for production installations. The desktop version is only recommended for development deployments.

> 3. <a name="table-note-3" style="display: block; height: 80px; margin-top: -80px;"></a>See the [Redis Enterprise for Kubernetes documentation]({{<relref "/kubernetes/reference/supported_k8s_distributions">}}) for details about support per version and Kubernetes distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. <a name="table-note-3" style="display: block; height: 80px; margin-top: -80px;"></a>See the [Redis Enterprise for Kubernetes documentation]({{<relref "/kubernetes/reference/supported_k8s_distributions">}}) for details about supported versions and distributions.
```
